Define strategy how to transfer HTML attributes to the component and accordingly modify the `TabsItem` component (#497)
react-ui-org/react-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. If component accepts the `children` prop it should be either required or the element
   should return `null` when no children are provided.

> 2. When forwarding HTML attributes to the component the following rules should

Author: We still need to deal with `Modal` and `Radio` components. See issue: https://github.com/react-ui-org/react-ui/issues/496

    be observed:
    1. If the component internally instantiates an interactive
        (clickable/editable) element, the attributes should be forwarded to it.
    2. If the component internally instantiates multiple interactive

>         (clickable/editable) elements, the attributes should be forwarded to
>         them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        (clickable/editable) elements, the attributes should be forwarded to
        all of them.
```

?

Author: done

>     1. If the component internally instantiates an interactive
>         (clickable/editable) element, the attributes should be forwarded to it.
>     2. If the component internally instantiates multiple interactive
>         (clickable/editable) elements, the attributes should be forwarded to
>         them.

Reviewer: Maybe these two could be merged:

```suggestion
    1. If the component internally instantiates one or more interactive
        (clickable/editable) elements, the attributes should be forwarded to 
       all of them.
```

Author: done
